<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
     PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
     "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<head>
<title>SAIMON MOORE - CURRICULUM VITAE</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/>
<style type="text/css">
body {
    background:#FFFFFF;
    margin-left:30px;
    margin-right:50px;
    text-align:justify;
    font-family:Arial,Times New Roman,verdana,helvetica,arial;
    font-size:10pt;
    color:#000000
}
td {
    font-family:Arial,Times New Roman,verdana,helvetica,arial;
    font-size:10pt;
    color:#000000
}
hr {
    height:1px;
    color:#000000
}
a {
    font-family:arial, lucida console,courier new,verdana,helvetica, arial;
    font-size:10pt;
    color:#0000CC;
    text-decoration:none
}
a:hover {
    font-family:arial, lucida console,courier new,verdana,helvetica, arial;
    font-size:10pt;
    background:#EFEFEF;
    border-bottom: 1px dashed #CC6600;
}
li {
    list-style:square;
    padding:2px
}
h1, h2, h4 {
    font-family: Bookman Old Style, Georgia, Trebuchet MS, garamond,verdana,helvetica,arial;
    word-spacing:1em;
    text-transform: uppercase;
    padding: 3px;
    letter-spacing: .1em;
    color: #666666
}
.add {
    font-family:arial, georgia,garamond,times new roman,arial,verdana,helvetica;
    font-size:11pt
}
.pub_author {
    font-size:9pt;
    font-weight:bold
}
i {
    font-weight:bold
}
</style>
<script src="http://www.google-analytics.com/urchin.js" type="text/javascript">
</script>
<script type="text/javascript">
_uacct = "UA-121210-1";
urchinTracker();
</script>
</head>
<body>

<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%"><tbody><tr><td align="left"><h2>SAIMON MOORE &#8212; CURRICULUM VITAE</h2></td><td align="right" valign="middle">English | <a href="cv_es.xhtml">Spanish</a> | <a href="cv_ca.xhtml">Catalan</a>  &nbsp; [<a href="cv.pdf">PDF</a> | <a href="cv.doc">Word</a>]</td></tr></tbody></table>
<br/>
<table style="font-weight: bold;" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%"><tbody><tr><td align="left"><span class="add">Eduard Gibert, 56 S.A.3ª,<br/>Cornellà de Llobregat - 08940, Spain</span></td><td align="center" valign="top"><span class="add">+34 (93) 474 0829<br/>+34 653134748</span></td><td align="right" valign="top"><span class="add">saimonmoore@gmail.com<br/>http://www.saimonmoore.net/</span></td></tr></tbody></table>
<br/>
<!-- personal -->
<h4>PERSONAL INFORMATION</h4>
<table>
    <tbody><tr>
        <td><b>D.O.B:</b></td>
        <td>December 29, 1970</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>Sex:</b></td>
        <td>Male</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>Nationality:</b></td>
        <td>Cypriot, British</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>Marital Status:</b></td>
        <td>Single</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>Languages Known:</b></td>
        <td>English, Greek, Spanish, Catalan</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><b>Driver's License:</b></td>
        <td>B1 and own vehicle</td>
    </tr>
</tbody></table>
<br/>

<!-- interests -->
<h4>FIELDS OF INTERESTS</h4>
<ul>
    <li>Software Design, Web Development, Component Software, <a href="http://www.extremeprogramming.org/">XP</a> and <a href="http://agilemanifesto.org/principles.html">Agile</a> Development, Workflow Engines</li>
</ul>

<!-- systems -->
<h4>SYSTEMS EXPERIENCE</h4>
<ul>
    <li><b>Programming Languages (Compiled):</b> <a href="http://java.sun.com">Java</a>, <a href="http://www.freepascal.org/">Pascal</a></li>
    <li><b>Java Skills:</b> <a href="http://java.sun.com/j2ee/">J2EE</a>, <a href="http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.4.2/docs/index.html">Core Libraries</a>, <a href="http://java.sun.com/products/jfc/">Swing</a></li>
    <li><b>Programming Languages (Interpreted):</b> <a href="http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a>, <a href="http://developer.netscape.com">JavaScript</a> (<a href="http://script.aculo.us/">AJAX</a>), <a href="http://www.beanshell.org/">Beanshell</a>, <a href="http://groovy.codehaus.org">Groovy</a></li>
    <li><b>Frameworks:</b> <a href="http://java.sun.com/j2ee/">J2EE</a>, <a href="http://www.rubyonrails.com">RubyOnRails</a>, <a href="http://plexus.codehaus.org">Plexus</a>, <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/turbine">Turbine</a>, <a href="http://www.opensymphony.com/webwork/">Webwork</a></li>
    <li><b>Documentation Technologies:</b> <a href="http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/">(X)HTML</a>, <a href="http://www.w3.org/TR/CSS21/">CSS</a>, DHTML, <a href="http://www.w3.org/XML/">XML</a> (<a href="http://www.saxproject.org/">SAX</a>, <a href="http://www.w3.org/RDF/">RDF</a>)</li>
    <li><b>Template Engines:</b> <a href="http://java.sun.com/products/jsp/"><acronym title="Java Server Pages">JSP</acronym></a>, <a href="http://www.atg.com">JHTML</a>, <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/velocity">Velocity</a>, <a href="http://raa.ruby-lang.org/project/erb">RHTML</a></li>
    <li><b>Distributed:</b> <a href="http://java.sun.com/products/jdk/rmi/">RMI</a>, <a href="http://www.xmlrpc.com/">XML-RPC</a></li>
    <li><b>Component Containers:</b> <a href="http://plexus.codehaus.org">Plexus</a>, <a href="http://picocontainer.codehaus.org">Pico Container</a>, <a href="http://needle.rubyforge.org/">Needle</a></li>
    <li><b>Application Servers:</b> <a href="http://www.atg.com/en/products/architecture/multi_app.jhtml"><acronym title="Dynamo Application Server">DAS</acronym></a>, <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/tomcat/">Tomcat</a>, <a href="http://www.mortbay.com/">Jetty</a>, <a href="http://wwws.sun.com/software/sunone/">Sun ONE</a>, <a href="http://www.caucho.com/">Resin</a>, <a href="http://www.jboss.org/">JBoss</a></li>
    <li><b>Tools:</b> <a href="http://www.jedit.org">jEdit</a>, <a href="http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/">IntelliJ IDEA</a>, <a href="http://www.eclipse.org">Eclipse</a>, <a href="http://www.quest.com">Toad</a>, <a href="http://www.borland.com/us/products/together/index.html">Together</a>, <a href="http://www.nongnu.org/cvs/"><acronym title="Concurrent Versioning System">CVS</acronym></a>, <a href="http://subversion.tigris.org/">Subversion</a></li>
    <li><b>DB:</b> <a href="http://www.oracle.com">Oracle</a>, <a href="http://www.mysql.com/">MySQL</a>, <a href="http://www.prevayler.org">Prevayler</a></li>
    <li><b>Query Languages:</b> PL-SQL, <acronym title="ATG Dynamo Repository Query Language">RQL</acronym></li>
    <li><b>Platforms:</b> Linux (<a href="http://www.gentoo.org">Gentoo</a>, <a href="http://www.novell.com/linux/suse/">SUSE</a>, <a href="http://www.redhat.com/">Redhat</a>, <a href="http://www.mandrivalinux.com/">Mandrake</a>), Solaris, HPUX, Windows (<a href="http://www.cygwin.com/">Cygwin</a>), DOS</li>
    <li><b>E-commerce platforms:</b> <a href="http://http://www.atg.com/en/products/architecture/multi_app.jhtml"><acronym title="Dynamo Profiling Service">DPS</acronym></a>, <a href="http://http://www.atg.com/en/products/architecture/multi_app.jhtml"><acronym title="Dynamo Commerce Service">DCS</acronym></a>, <a href="http://http://www.atg.com/en/products/architecture/multi_app.jhtml"><acronym title="Dynamo Scenario Service">DSS</acronym></a></li>
</ul>

<!-- projects -->
<h4>PROJECTS</h4>
<ul>
    <li><b><a name="Bligi">Bligi</a>, 2005:</b>
Implementing own <a href="http://saimonmoore.net">web site</a> software in <a href="http://www.ruby-lang.org">Ruby</a>, using <a href="http://www.rubyonrails.com">RubyOnRails</a>. Software will be an integration of a blog, a wiki, a <acronym title="Personal Information Manager">p.i.m</acronym>. and a photo management software. An open source project, that will be released under an Apache style license.</li>
    <li><b>Survey, 2005:</b>
An open source project that will allow on-line survey management/running, implemented using <a href="http://plexus.codehaus.org">Plexus</a>, a component container, <a href="http://werkflow.codehaus.org/">Werkflow</a>, a work flow engine, <a href="http://www.prevayler.org">Prevayler</a>, an object persistence library, <a href="http://www.hibernate.org/">Hibernate</a>, an object/relational persistence service and <a href="http://eclipse.org/aspectj/">AspectJ</a>, an AOP framework.</li>
    <li><b>TADS jEdit Plug-in, 2004:</b>
Designed and coded a plug-in for the <a href="http://www.jedit.org">jEdit</a> for developing interactive fiction using the <a href="http://www.tads.org"><acronym title="Text Adventure Design System">TADS</acronym></a> IF programming language. This included the writing of a <a href="https://javacc.dev.java.net/">JavaCC</a> grammar and parser and <a href="http://community.jedit.org/?q=filestore/download/1055">syntax-highlighting mode</a>.</li>
    <li><b>Amigos, 2004:</b>
'Alumni'-style web application using <a href="http://www.opensymphony.com/webwork/">Webwork</a>, <a href="http://nanning.codehaus.org">Nanning</a>, <a href="http://www.prevayler.org">Prevayler</a>. Only partly started.</li>
    <li><b>Mavenizer jEdit Plug-in, 2004:</b>
Designed and partially coded a plug-in to integrate <a href="http://maven.apache.org">Maven</a> (A project/build management system) into <a href="http://www.jedit.org">jEdit</a>. Includes menu execution of goals, <acronym title="Project Object Model">pom</acronym> wizard/editor.</li>
    <li><b>Didaxe, 2003:</b>
Software to manage an on-line freelance teacher agency. Implemented using the <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/turbine">Turbine</a> web framework in Java.</li>
</ul>

<!-- work -->
<h4>WORK EXPERIENCE</h4>
<b>August 2002 &#8211; present</b>
<ul>
    <li><b><a href="http://www.condisline.com">CondisLine.com</a>! Senior Java Analyst/Developer:</b>
An on-line supermarket with home delivery to over 50,000 customers in Catalonia, Spain.<br/>
The site is currently based on the <a href="http://www.atg.com">ATG</a> Dynamo 5.1.1 e-commerce platform.

Responsibilities have included:
<ul>
    <li>2004 &#8211; 2005: Jointly responsible for the design and development of the forthcoming version of the CondisLine.com site.
        The site is based on the <a href="http://www.atg.com/en/products/ecommerce/">ATG 7.1 e-commerce</a> platform running under <acronym title="Dynamo Application Server">DAS</acronym> 6.3.
        This version is a complete redesign and rewrite of the current site.
        <ul>
            <li>Production deployment of new site, including database migration.</li>
            <li>
                Installation, configuration and administration of application/web server (<a href="http://httpd.apache.org">Apache 1.3.30</a>) software
            on production/pre-production machines (HP-UX 11.11).
            </li>
            <li>Redesign of the proprietary object/data model.</li>
            <li>Extended Userprofiling/Commerce framework for proprietary business model.</li>
            <li>Wrote catalog presentation module.</li>
            <li>Wrote catalog loading package.</li>
            <li>Wrote customer profile module.</li>
            <li>Wrote automatic customer loyalty scheme.</li>
            <li>Wrote number of fraud detection services.</li>
            <li>Wrote <a href="http://lucene.apache.org/">Lucene</a> - based search and quick search modules.</li>
            <li>Wrote wish lists module.</li>
            <li>Ported back office portal and security framework.</li>
            <li>Wrote custom back office CRM module.</li>
            <li>Ported dynamic surveys module.</li>
            <li>Wrote new object model migration package using pl-sql.</li>
            <li>Wrote number of custom promotions.</li>
            <li>Short spells as head of the IT department.</li>
            <li>General maintenance and incident handling.</li>
            <li>Instigated the department-wide use of java IDE (<a href="http://www.eclipse.org">Eclipse</a>).</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>2002 &#8211; 2004: General maintenance and development of new features of the Dynamo 5.1.1 - based site
        <ul>
            <li>Wrote dynamic on-line surveys module.</li>
            <li>Wrote <a href="http://www.businessobjects.com/">Crystal Reports</a> reporting module for survey data integrated with <a href="http://www.frontrange.com">third-party</a>CRM software.</li>
            <li>Wrote number of logistics maintenance modules.</li>
            <li>Wrote number of repository/sql based reports/scheduled processes.</li>
            <li>Wrote back office portal and security framework.</li>
            <li>Experience with Solaris 5.7 servers running load-balanced Dynamo application servers.</li>
            <li>Wrote detailed report on detecting bottlenecks and improving site/application efficiency with
                detailed investigation of jvm performance parameters and it's garbage collector.</li>
            <li>Wrote number of proprietary promotions using ATG Scenarios.</li>
            <li>Wrote number of custom promotions in java.</li>
            <li>Cleanup and documentation of proprietary code-base.</li>
            <li>Wrote <acronym title="Portable Document Format">PDF</acronym> reporting system for 'picking' module using the <a href="http://www.lowagie.com/iText/">iText</a> and <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/velocity/">Velocity</a> libraries.</li>
            <li>Instigated and implemented the CondisLine <a href="http://www.nongnu.org/cvs/"><acronym title="Concurrent Versioning System">CVS</acronym></a> versioning system. Consultant on Condis cvs versioning system.</li>
            <li>Installation,setup and administration of linux-based dedicated CVS server.</li>
            <li>Wrote build/deployment system using <a href="http://maven.apache.org">Maven</a>.</li>
            <li>Setup custom data warehouse using <a href="http://www.oracle.com/technology/software/products/warehouse/index.html">Oracle Warehouse Builder</a>.</li>
            <li>Wrote <a href="http://www.oracle.com/technology/products/forms/index.html">Oracle Forms</a>-based logistics reporting module.</li>
            <li>Wrote dedicated data mining reports using <a href="http://www.oracle.com/technology/software/products/discoverer/index.html">Oracle Discoverer</a>.</li>
            <li>General consultant for java, xml, css, open source tools and libraries, cvs.</li>
            <li>General maintenance, bug fixing and incident handling.</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
</ul>
<p><b>Courses &amp; Seminars</b></p>
<ul>
    <li>Introduction to Oracle 9i: SQL - [<a href="http://www.nhbarcelona.com/">New Horizons</a>]</li>
    <li>Oracle iDS Forms: Build Internet Applications I - [<a href="http://www.nhbarcelona.com/">New Horizons</a>]</li>
    <li>Oracle iDS Forms: Build Internet Applications II - [<a href="http://www.nhbarcelona.com/">New Horizons</a>]</li>
    <li>Oracle 9i Database Administration Fundamentals I - [<a href="http://www.nhbarcelona.com/">New Horizons</a>]</li>
    <li>Time Management with Outlook - [<a href="http://www.tmi.es/">TMI</a>]</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<b>May 2000 &#8211; June 2002</b>
<ul>
    <li>
        <b><a href="http://www.serikat.es">Serikat</a>! Lead Developer/Project Manager</b>
        Service-oriented company where I was assigned to a number of clients including:
        <ul>
            <li><a href="http://www.portraits.org">Moderna Escuela Mediterránea</a>:
                <p>
                    Starting off as junior programmer, took over as lead developer and then later as project manager.
                    Developed a jsp/servlet-based logistics administration portal running against a <a href="http://www.microsoft.com/sql/">Microsoft SQL Server</a> database, covering all aspects
                    such as order approvals work flow, photographer/agent life cycle, purchasing, shipping management, data
                    querying/reporting and exporting module.
                </p>
                <p>Instigated and developed a versioning system using <a href="http://www.nongnu.org/cvs/"><acronym title="Concurrent Versioning System">CVS</acronym></a>
                on a dedicated linux-based box serving all internet projects. Installed and setup linux server.</p>
            </li>
            <li><a href="http://www.phira.com/">Phira</a>:
                <p>
                    Development of jsp/servlet-based on-line product catalog system for customer browsing.
                </p>
            </li>
            <li><a href="http://www.miprimerempleo.com">MiPrimerEmpleo.com</a>
                <p>
                    Integration and customization of open-source java-based web chat system.
                </p>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </li>
</ul>
<b>September 1999 &#8211; October 1999</b>
<ul>
    <li>
        <b><a href="http://www.excerptamedica.com/">Excerpta Medica</a>! Salesman</b>
        <p>Selling publishables to the pharmaceutical industry in Barcelona.</p>
    </li>
</ul>
<b>September 1997 &#8211; September 1999 </b>
<ul>
    <li>
        <b><a href="http://www.wsi.es/">Wall Street Institute</a>! English Teacher</b>
        <p>Full time english teaching involving language and grammar classes, tutorials and conversation classes. Responsible for
        organization of social activities.</p>
    </li>
</ul>
<b>June 1997 &#8211; June 1997 </b>
<ul>
    <li>
        <b><a href="http://www.google.com/search?q=checkpoint+barcelona">Checkpoint (Barcelona) Ltd</a>! Sales clerk</b>
        <p>Selling currency at an exchange bureau.</p>
    </li>
</ul>

<b>1992 &#8211; 1994</b>
<ul>
    <li>
        <b><a href="http://www.aecc.co.uk">The Aberdeen Exhibition and Conference Centre</a>! Clerk</b>
        <p>Gained basic bookkeeping knowledge and customer service training.</p>
    </li>
</ul>

<b>1991 &#8211; 1992</b>
<ul>
    <li>
        <b><a href="http://www.cypruscement.com/">Cyprus Cement Company</a>! Technical Assistant</b>
        <ul>
            <li>Performed chemical testing of the cement product</li>
            <li>
                Involved in modernisation of the slurry packing plant including training in the programming
                and installation of Allen-Bradley PLC Systems (Programmable Logic Controllers) as well as
                in electrical and mechanical installation.
            </li>
            <li>Wrote a temperature monitoring alarm system [Borland's <a href="http://community.borland.com/article/0,1410,20803,00.html">Turbo Pascal</a>] for the bearings under the factory's kiln
                which is still in use today!</li>
        </ul>
    </li>
</ul>

<!-- activities -->
<h4>SELECTED PAST/ONGOING ACTIVITIES</h4>
<ul>
    <li>I maintain a website, <a href="http://www.saimonmoore.net/">saimonmoore.net</a>, where I write about my experiences both technical and personal. I wrote the <a href="#Bligi">software</a> powering it.</li>
    <li>I maintained my old website, <a href="http://www.myjavaserver.com/~saimon/">Saimon Moore's Personal Page</a>, a comprehensive site about me written using <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/velocity/docs/anakia.html">Anakia</a>. Guest book written using <a href="http://www.prevayler.org">Prevayler</a>.</li>
    <li>My old web log, <a href="http://www.jroller.com/page/saimonm">Sklires Skepsis</a> [Note: All content has been imported into <a href="#Bligi">Bligi</a>].</li>
    <li>I have contributed directly/indirectly to the following open source projects:
    <a href="http://www.jedit.org">jEdit</a>,
    <a href="http://www.fettig.net/projects/hep/">HEP</a>,
    <a href="http://maven.apache.org">Maven</a>,
    <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/commons/sandbox/messenger/">Messenger</a>,
    <a href="http://plexus.codehaus.org">Plexus</a>,
    <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/turbine">Turbine</a>,
    <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/velocity">Velocity</a>,
    <a href="http://werkflow.codehaus.org">Werkflow</a>,
    <a href="http://nanning.codehaus.org">Nanning</a>.
    </li>
    <li>I am also active or maintain an interest in the following open source projects:
    <a href="http://www.rubyonrails.com">RubyOnRails</a>,
    <a href="http://www.tads.org"><acronym title="Text Adventure Design System">TADS</acronym></a>,
    <a href="http://www.codehaus.org">Codehaus</a>.
    </li>
</ul>

<!-- worth -->
<h4>WORTH A MENTION</h4>
<ul>
    <li>Wrote a Maven <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/turbine-maven-user@jakarta.apache.org/msg01615.html">server</a>,
        which allowed both remote and rapid turnround execution of maven goals.</li>
    <li>Wrote <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/turbine-dev@jakarta.apache.org/msg03604.html">JScript</a>, a
        javascript implementation of a dynamic validation service for the Jakarta Turbine's <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/turbine/turbine/turbine-2.3/apidocs/org/apache/turbine/services/intake/package-summary.html">Intake</a> service.</li>
    <li>Wrote a <a href="http://www.jedit.org">jEdit</a> <a href="http://wiki.apache.org/jakarta-velocity/VelocityEditors">syntax highlighting mode</a>
        for the <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/velocity">Velocity</a> templating engine.</li>
    <li>Wrote a <a href="http://www.jedit.org">jEdit</a> <a href="http://www.google.com/search?q=tads+jedit">syntax highlighting mode</a>
        for the <a href="http://www.tads.org">TADS 2</a> IF system.</li>
    <li>I've written a number of <a href="http://community.jedit.org/?q=filestore" title="Search for saimon">macros</a> for jEdit
        which are publicly available on the community site and via the <a href="http://community.jedit.org/cgi-bin/TWiki/view/Plugins/MacroManager">Macros Manager plug-in</a> in jEdit.</li>
</ul>

<!-- commiter status -->
<h4>COMMITER STATUS</h4>

<ul>
    <li>On the <a href="http://werkflow.codehaus.org">Werkflow</a> project at the Codehaus.</li>
    <li>On the <a href="http://plexus.codehaus.org">Plexus</a> project at the Codehaus.</li>
    <li>On the <a href="http://mevenide.codehaus.org/">Mevenide</a> project at the Codehaus.</li>
    <li>On the <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/commons/sandbox/messenger/">Messenger</a> project at the Codehaus.</li>
</ul>

<!-- education -->
<h4>EDUCATION</h4>
<ul>
    <li><a href="http://www.open.ac.uk">Open University</a>, <b>BSc(Hons) Computing &amp; Mathematical Sciences</b> , 2005-present [In progress]</li>
    <li><a href="http://www.manchester.ac.uk/">University of Manchester</a>, <b>Doctor of Philosophy in Oncology</b> at the <a href="http://www.paterson.man.ac.uk/">The Paterson Institute for Cancer Research</a> (<a href="http://www.christie.nhs.uk/">Christie Hospital NHS Trust</a>), 1995-1998</li>
    <li><a href="http://www.rgu.ac.uk/">Robert Gordon University</a>, Aberdeen, Scotland, <b>BSc(Hons) 1<sup>st</sup> Class Applied Chemistry</b> (3<sup>rd</sup> in class), 1989-1994</li>
    <li><a href="http://www.bridgeofdon.aberdeen.sch.uk/">Bridge of Don Academy</a>, <b>Secondary School</b>, Aberdeen, Scotland,  (S.Y.S. (ABB), H-Grades (AABB)), 1985-1988</li>
    <li><a href="http://www.google.com/search?q=Lanition+Lyceum+Limassol">Lanition Lyceum</a>, <b>Secondary School</b>, <a href="http://www.google.com/search?q=Limassol+Cyprus">Limassol</a>, <a href="http://www.google.com/search?q=Cyprus">Cyprus</a>, 1982-1985</li>
</ul>

<!-- hobbies -->
<h4>HOBBIES</h4>
<!--
<ul>
    <li>I greatly enjoy rock climbing, hill walking and mountaineering and am a member of the
    <a href="http://www.cordada.org/">Cordada</a> association of Excursionists &amp; Ecologists.</li>
    <li>I regularly play badminton at <a href="http://polis-ei.simtec.es/">Poliesportiu Municipal l'Espanya Industrial</a> Sports Complex.</li>
    <li>I have a little workshop on the terrace where I carve wood. You can see some of things I've carved <a href="http://saimonmoore.net">here</a></li>
    <li>Hacking away; I know I spend too much time on my laptop ;)</li>
    <li>I'm a bit of a handyman around the house and enjoy DIY jobs.</li>
    <li>I really enjoy learning and occupy myself reading as often as I can.</li>
</ul>
 -->

<p>
You can see a list of pages where I have made some contribution directly/indirectly with a search on Google (<a href="http://www.google.com/search?q=saimon+moore">http://www.google.com/search?q=saimon+moore</a>).
</p>

<font face="georgia" size="-2">
Copyright © 2005 Saimon Moore. <!-- Last modified: Tuesday, August 30, 2005. --></font>

</body></html>